Fix scrollTo(distance / targetLocation) and scrollToElement method names and descriptions (#2036)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScrollable/3 Methods/scrollBy(distance).md

Scrolls the content by a specific distance.

##### param(distance): Number | Object

> The distance in pixels. The object has the following structure: { left: value1, top: value2 }.

Reviewer: It wasn't clear to me what object you are referring to. It would be better to elaborate on this a bit:

```suggestion
The distance in pixels.     
When you specify this parameter with an object, it should have the following structure: `{ left: value1, top: value2 }`.
```
